LeetCode/LeetCode-CPP/README.md, before:

# LeetCode

按照LeetCode的Tags来区分的话，目前共有34个Tag，只列出已经解决的题，各分类中按照题目编号排序：
***
#### Linked List。
Solved：21/28

| #      	  	| Title         |  Difficulty  |
|:-------------:|:-------------:| :-----:|
|	2	|	[Add Two Numbers   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78066285)|Medium|
|	19	| 	[Remove Nth Node From End of List](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78089813)|Medium|
|	21	|   [Merge Two Sorted Lists](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78035737)|Easy|
|	23	| Merge k Sorted Lists |Hard|
|	24	|	[Swap Nodes in Pairs  ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78066476)|Medium|
|	61	|	[Rotate List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78318296)|Medium|
|	82	|	[Remove Duplicates from Sorted List II   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78262918)|Medium|
|	83	|	[Remove Duplicates from Sorted List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78012397)|Easy|
|	86	|	[Partition List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78108121)|Medium|
|	92	|	[Reverse Linked List II   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78263581)|Medium|
|	138	| Copy List with Random Pointer |Medium|
|	141	|	[Linked List Cycle   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78024848)|Easy|
|	142	|	[Linked List Cycle II   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78108205)|Medium|
|	143	|	[Reorder List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78298607)|Medium|
|	147	|	[Insertion Sort List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78089855)|Medium|
|	160	|	[Intersection of Two Linked Lists   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78035914)|Easy|
|	203	|	[Remove Linked List Elements   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78006548)|Easy|
|	206	|	[Reverse Linked List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78012357)|Easy|
|	234	|	[Palindrome Linked List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78035801)|Easy|
|	237	|	[Delete Node in a Linked List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78006524)|Easy|
|	328	|	[Odd Even Linked List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78066424)|Medium|
|	445	|	[Add Two Numbers II   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78066363)|Medium|
|	725	|	[Split Linked List in Parts   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78586549)|Medium|
|	817	| Linked List Components |Medium|
|	876	|	[Middle of the Linked List](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85718175)|Easy|
***
#### Array。

| #      	  	| Title         |  Difficulty  |
|:-------------:|:-------------:| :-----:|
|	1	|	[Two Sum](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78066961)|Easy|
|	41	| First Missing Positive |Hard|
|	66	|	[Plus One](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/86255455)|Easy|
|	118	| Pascal's Triangle |Easy|
|	121	|	[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79302466)|Easy|
|	122	|	[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79177612)|Easy|
|	167	|	[Two Sum II - Input array is sorted](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78991454)|Easy|
|	169	|	[Majority Element](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78988717)|Easy|
|	195	|	[Teemo Attacking](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78846304)|Medium|
|	216	|	[Combination Sum III](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79339754)|Medium|
|	217	|	[Contains Duplicate](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78997239)|Easy|
|	238	|	[Product of Array Except Self](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78982223)|Medium|
|	268	|	[Missing Number    ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/79007326)|Easy|
|	283	|	[Move Zeroes](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78760763)|Easy|
|	287	|	[Find the Duplicate Number](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79168034)|Medium|
|	442	|	[Find All Duplicates in an Array   ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78649054)|Medium|
|	448	|	[Find All Numbers Disappeared in an Array](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78724524)|Easy|
|	485	|	[Max Consecutive Ones   ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78659523)|Easy|
|	561	|	[Array Partition I      ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78596662)|Easy|
|	565	|	[Array Nesting    ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/79024521)|Medium|
|	566	|	[Reshape the Matrix   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78633800)|Easy|
|	628	|	[Maximum Product of Three Numbers](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79006701)|Easy|
|	661	|	[Image Smoother](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79184251)|Easy|
|	667	|	[Beautiful Arrangement II](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78806258)|Medium|
|	674	|	[Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79017081)|Easy|
|	697	|	[Degree of an Array](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79047904)|Easy|
|	709	| [To Lower Case](<https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/91492174>) |Easy|
|	714	|	[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock with Transaction Fee    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79319304)|Medium|
|	717	|	[1-bit and 2-bit Characters](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78760146)|Easy|
|	747	|	[Largest Number At Least Twice of Others](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78997631)|Easy|
|	766	|	[Toeplitz Matrix](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79157007)|Easy|
|	769	|	[Max Chunks To Make Sorted](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79324942)|Medium|
|	830	|	[Positions of Large Groups](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85855645)|Easy|
|	832	|	[Flipping an Image](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85549951)|Easy|
|	867	|	[Transpose Matrix](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85713507)|Easy|
|	888	|	[Fair Candy Swap](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85792710)|Easy|
|	896	|	[Monotonic Array](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85721532)|Easy|
|	905	|	[Sort Array By Parity	](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85412554)|Easy|
|	922	|	[Sort Array By Parity II](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85638271)|Easy|
|	977	| [Squares of a Sorted Array](<https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/91126648>) |Easy|
|	989	| Add to Array-Form of Integer |Easy|
|	1051	| [Height Checker](<https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/91519013>) |Easy|
|	1089|	[1089. Duplicate Zeros.exe]()	|Easy|
| 1122 |	Relative Sort Array	|Easy|
| 1200 |	Minimum Absolute Difference	|Easy|
| 1217 |	Play with Chips	|Easy|
***
#### Binary Search。
|  #   |                          Title                          | Difficulty |
| :--: | :-----------------------------------------------------: | :--------: |
|  34  | Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array |   Medium   |
|  69  |                         Sqrt(x)                         |    Easy    |
|  74  |                   Search a 2D Matrix                    |   Medium   |
| 240  |                  Search a 2D Matrix II                  |   Medium   |
| 278  |                    First Bad Version                    |    Easy    |
| 392  |                     Is Subsequence                      |    Easy    |
| 410  |                 Split Array Largest Sum                 |    Hard    |
| 704  |                      Binary Search                      |    Easy    |
| 1201 |                     Ugly Number III                     |   Medium   |

***
#### Hash Table。
| #      	  	| Title         |  Difficulty  |
|:-------------:|:-------------:| :-----:|
|	136	|	[Single Number    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79344100)|Easy|
|	202	| Happy Number |Easy|
|	242	| Valid Anagram |Easy|
|	299	| Bulls and Cows |Easy|
|	347	|	[Top K Frequent Elements    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79521690)|Medium|
|	349	| Intersection of Two Arrays |Easy|
|	350	| Intersection of Two Arrays II |Easy|
|	387	| First Unique Character in a String |Easy|
|	389	|	[Find the Difference](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79371019)|Easy|
|	409	| Longest Palindrome |Easy|
|	451	|	[Sort Characters By Frequency](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79370857)|Medium|
|	463	|	[Island Perimeter](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79342588)|Easy|
|	500	|	[Keyboard Row    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79341137)|Easy|
|	560	| Subarray Sum Equals K |Medium|
|	575	|	[Distribute Candies](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79342039)|Easy|
|	599	| Minimum Index Sum of Two Lists |Easy|
|	609	| Find Duplicate File in System |Medium|
|	645	| Set Mismatch |Easy|
|	720	| Longest Word in Dictionary |Easy|
|	739	|	[Daily Temperatures    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79350188)|Medium|
|	748	|	[Shortest Completing Word    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79350350)|Medium|
|	771	|	[Jewels and Stones](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79340216)|Easy|
| 811 | Subdomain Visit Count |Easy|
| 884 | Uncommon Words from Two Sentences |Easy|
| 953 | Verifying an Alien Dictionary |Easy|
|	961	| N-Repeated Element in Size 2N Array |Easy|
|	1002	| Find Common Characters |Easy|
|	1078	| Occurrences After Bigram |Easy|
|	1160	| Find Words That Can Be Formed by Characters |Easy|
|	1189	| Maximum Number of Balloons |Easy|
|	1198	| Find Smallest Common Element in All Rows |Medium|
|	1207	| Unique Number of Occurrences |Easy|
#### Math。
| #      	  	| Title         |  Difficulty  |
|:-------------:|:-------------:| :-----:|
| 7 | Reverse Integer | Easy |
| 172 | Factorial Trailing Zeroes | Easy |
| 258 | Add Digits | Easy |
| 292 | Nim Game | Easy |
| 231 | Power of Two | Easy |
| 319 | Bulb Switcher | Medium |
| 326 | Power of Three | Easy |
| 728 | Self Dividing Numbers | Easy |
| 877 | Stone Game | Medium |
| 908 | Smallest Range I | Easy |
|	942	|	DI String Match	|Easy|
|	1025	|	Divisor Game	|Easy|
#### String.
| #      	  	| Title         |  Difficulty  |
|:-------------:|:-------------:| :-----:|
| 344 | Reverse String | Easy |
| 521 | Longest Uncommon Subsequence I | Easy |
| 557 | Reverse Words in a String III | Easy |
| 657 | Robot Return to Origin | Easy |
| 680 | Valid Palindrome II | Easy |
| 767 | Reorganize String | Medium |
| 788 | Rotated Digits | Easy |
| 804 | Unique Morse Code Words | Easy |
| 819 | Most Common Word | Easy |
| 824 | Goat Latin | Easy |
| 893 | Groups of Special-Equivalent Strings | Easy |
| 917 | Reverse Only Letters | Easy |
|	1108|	Defanging an IP Address|Easy|

#### Tow Pointers。

|  #   |                 Title                  | Difficulty |
| :--: | :------------------------------------: | :--------: |
|  26  |  Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array   |    Easy    |
|  27  |             Remove Element             |    Easy    |
|  80  | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II |   Medium   |
|  88  |           Merge Sorted Array           |    Easy    |
| 125  |            Valid Palindrome            |    Easy    |
| 283  |              Move Zeroes               |    Easy    |
| 345  |       Reverse Vowels of a String       |    Easy    |
| 844  |        Backspace String Compare        |    Easy    |
| 925  |           Long Pressed Name            |    Easy    |
| 1213 |  Intersection of Three Sorted Arrays   |    Easy    |

***
#### Tree。

|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 94 | Binary Tree Inorder Traversal | Medium |
| 102 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal | Medium |
| 104 | Maximum Depth of Binary Tree | Easy |
| 107 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II | Easy |
| 108 | Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree | Easy |
| 109 | Convert Sorted List to Binary Search Tree | Medium |
| 111 | Minimum Depth of Binary Tree | Easy |
| 112  | Path Sum |    Easy    |
| 113 | Path Sum II | Medium |
| 144 | Binary Tree Preorder Traversal | Medium |
| 145 | Binary Tree Postorder Traversal | Hard |
| 235 | Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree | Easy |
| 429 | N-ary Tree Level Order Traversal | Easy |
| 437 | Path Sum III | Easy |
| 559 | Maximum Depth of N-ary Tree | Easy |
| 563 | Binary Tree Tilt | Easy |
| 589 | N-ary Tree Preorder Traversal | Easy |
| 590 | N-ary Tree Postorder Traversal | Easy |
| 637 | Average of Levels in Binary Tree | Easy |
| 669 | Trim a Binary Search Tree | Easy |
| 653 | Two Sum IV - Input is a BST | Easy |
| 700 | Search in a Binary Search Tree | Easy |
| 701 | Insert into a Binary Search Tree | Medium |
| 814 | Binary Tree Pruning | Medium |
| 897 | Increasing Order Search Tree | Easy |
| 938 | Range Sum of BST | Easy |
| 965 | Univalued Binary Tree | Easy |
| 1022 | Sum of Root To Leaf Binary Numbers | Easy |
| 1104 | Path In Zigzag Labelled Binary Tree | Medium |
| 1214 | Two Sum BSTs | Medium |
***
#### Bit Manipulation。

|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 190 | Reverse Bits | Easy |
| 191 | Number of 1 Bits | Easy |
| 260 | Single Number III | Medium |
| 338 | Counting Bits | Medium |
| 342  | Power of Four |    Easy    |
| 461 | Hamming Distance | Easy |
| 617 | Merge Two Binary Trees | Easy |
| 693 | Binary Number with Alternating Bits | Easy |
| 762 | Prime Number of Set Bits in Binary Representation | Easy |
***
#### Binary Search Tree。
|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 1038 | Binary Search Tree to Greater Sum Tree | Medium |
***
#### Breadth-first Search。
|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 1197 | Minimum Knight Moves | Medium |
| 1215 | Stepping Numbers | Medium |
***
#### Union Find。
|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 1202 | Smallest String With Swaps | Medium |
***
#### Sliding Window。
|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 1208 | Get Equal Substrings Within Budget | Medium |
***
#### Stack。
|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 20 | Valid Parentheses | Easy |
| 225 | Implement Stack using Queues | Easy |
| 232 | Implement Queue using Stacks | Easy |
| 394 | Decode String | Medium |
| 496 | Next Greater Element I | Easy |
| 503 | Next Greater Element II | Medium |
| 682 | Baseball Game | Easy |
| 946 | Validate Stack Sequences | Medium |
| 1003 | Check If Word Is Valid After Substitutions | Medium |
| 1019 | Next Greater Node In Linked List | Medium |
| 1047 | Remove All Adjacent Duplicates In String | Easy |
| 1190 | Reverse Substrings Between Each Pair of Parentheses | Medium |
| 1209 | Remove All Adjacent Duplicates in String II | Medium |
***
#### Greedy。
|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 1196 |How Many Apples Can You Put into the Basket|Easy|
***
#### Other。

|  #   |             Title              | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------------: | :--------: |
| 852  | Peak Index in a Mountain Array |    Easy    |

Commit message:

1170. Compare Strings by Frequency of the Smallest Character

LeetCode/LeetCode-CPP/README.md, after:

# LeetCode

按照LeetCode的Tags来区分的话，目前共有34个Tag，只列出已经解决的题，各分类中按照题目编号排序：
***
#### Linked List。
Solved：21/28

| #      	  	| Title         |  Difficulty  |
|:-------------:|:-------------:| :-----:|
|	2	|	[Add Two Numbers   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78066285)|Medium|
|	19	| 	[Remove Nth Node From End of List](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78089813)|Medium|
|	21	|   [Merge Two Sorted Lists](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78035737)|Easy|
|	23	| Merge k Sorted Lists |Hard|
|	24	|	[Swap Nodes in Pairs  ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78066476)|Medium|
|	61	|	[Rotate List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78318296)|Medium|
|	82	|	[Remove Duplicates from Sorted List II   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78262918)|Medium|
|	83	|	[Remove Duplicates from Sorted List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78012397)|Easy|
|	86	|	[Partition List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78108121)|Medium|
|	92	|	[Reverse Linked List II   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78263581)|Medium|
|	138	| Copy List with Random Pointer |Medium|
|	141	|	[Linked List Cycle   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78024848)|Easy|
|	142	|	[Linked List Cycle II   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78108205)|Medium|
|	143	|	[Reorder List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78298607)|Medium|
|	147	|	[Insertion Sort List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78089855)|Medium|
|	160	|	[Intersection of Two Linked Lists   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78035914)|Easy|
|	203	|	[Remove Linked List Elements   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78006548)|Easy|
|	206	|	[Reverse Linked List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78012357)|Easy|
|	234	|	[Palindrome Linked List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78035801)|Easy|
|	237	|	[Delete Node in a Linked List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78006524)|Easy|
|	328	|	[Odd Even Linked List   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78066424)|Medium|
|	445	|	[Add Two Numbers II   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78066363)|Medium|
|	725	|	[Split Linked List in Parts   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78586549)|Medium|
|	817	| Linked List Components |Medium|
|	876	|	[Middle of the Linked List](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85718175)|Easy|
***
#### Array。

| #      	  	| Title         |  Difficulty  |
|:-------------:|:-------------:| :-----:|
|	1	|	[Two Sum](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78066961)|Easy|
|	41	| First Missing Positive |Hard|
|	66	|	[Plus One](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/86255455)|Easy|
|	118	| Pascal's Triangle |Easy|
|	121	|	[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79302466)|Easy|
|	122	|	[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock II](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79177612)|Easy|
|	167	|	[Two Sum II - Input array is sorted](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78991454)|Easy|
|	169	|	[Majority Element](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78988717)|Easy|
|	195	|	[Teemo Attacking](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78846304)|Medium|
|	216	|	[Combination Sum III](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79339754)|Medium|
|	217	|	[Contains Duplicate](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78997239)|Easy|
|	238	|	[Product of Array Except Self](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78982223)|Medium|
|	268	|	[Missing Number    ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/79007326)|Easy|
|	283	|	[Move Zeroes](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78760763)|Easy|
|	287	|	[Find the Duplicate Number](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79168034)|Medium|
|	442	|	[Find All Duplicates in an Array   ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78649054)|Medium|
|	448	|	[Find All Numbers Disappeared in an Array](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78724524)|Easy|
|	485	|	[Max Consecutive Ones   ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78659523)|Easy|
|	561	|	[Array Partition I      ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78596662)|Easy|
|	565	|	[Array Nesting    ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/79024521)|Medium|
|	566	|	[Reshape the Matrix   ](http://blog.csdn.net/leafage_m/article/details/78633800)|Easy|
|	628	|	[Maximum Product of Three Numbers](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79006701)|Easy|
|	661	|	[Image Smoother](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79184251)|Easy|
|	667	|	[Beautiful Arrangement II](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78806258)|Medium|
|	674	|	[Longest Continuous Increasing Subsequence](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79017081)|Easy|
|	697	|	[Degree of an Array](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79047904)|Easy|
|	709	| [To Lower Case](<https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/91492174>) |Easy|
|	714	|	[Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock with Transaction Fee    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79319304)|Medium|
|	717	|	[1-bit and 2-bit Characters](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78760146)|Easy|
|	747	|	[Largest Number At Least Twice of Others](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/78997631)|Easy|
|	766	|	[Toeplitz Matrix](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79157007)|Easy|
|	769	|	[Max Chunks To Make Sorted](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79324942)|Medium|
|	830	|	[Positions of Large Groups](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85855645)|Easy|
|	832	|	[Flipping an Image](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85549951)|Easy|
|	867	|	[Transpose Matrix](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85713507)|Easy|
|	888	|	[Fair Candy Swap](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85792710)|Easy|
|	896	|	[Monotonic Array](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85721532)|Easy|
|	905	|	[Sort Array By Parity	](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85412554)|Easy|
|	922	|	[Sort Array By Parity II](https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/85638271)|Easy|
|	977	| [Squares of a Sorted Array](<https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/91126648>) |Easy|
|	989	| Add to Array-Form of Integer |Easy|
|	1051	| [Height Checker](<https://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/91519013>) |Easy|
|	1089|	[1089. Duplicate Zeros.exe]()	|Easy|
| 1122 |	Relative Sort Array	|Easy|
| 1170 |	Compare Strings by Frequency of the Smallest Character	|Easy|
| 1200 |	Minimum Absolute Difference	|Easy|
| 1217 |	Play with Chips	|Easy|
***
#### Binary Search。
|  #   |                          Title                          | Difficulty |
| :--: | :-----------------------------------------------------: | :--------: |
|  34  | Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array |   Medium   |
|  69  |                         Sqrt(x)                         |    Easy    |
|  74  |                   Search a 2D Matrix                    |   Medium   |
| 240  |                  Search a 2D Matrix II                  |   Medium   |
| 278  |                    First Bad Version                    |    Easy    |
| 392  |                     Is Subsequence                      |    Easy    |
| 410  |                 Split Array Largest Sum                 |    Hard    |
| 704  |                      Binary Search                      |    Easy    |
| 1201 |                     Ugly Number III                     |   Medium   |

***
#### Hash Table。
| #      	  	| Title         |  Difficulty  |
|:-------------:|:-------------:| :-----:|
|	136	|	[Single Number    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79344100)|Easy|
|	202	| Happy Number |Easy|
|	242	| Valid Anagram |Easy|
|	299	| Bulls and Cows |Easy|
|	347	|	[Top K Frequent Elements    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79521690)|Medium|
|	349	| Intersection of Two Arrays |Easy|
|	350	| Intersection of Two Arrays II |Easy|
|	387	| First Unique Character in a String |Easy|
|	389	|	[Find the Difference](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79371019)|Easy|
|	409	| Longest Palindrome |Easy|
|	451	|	[Sort Characters By Frequency](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79370857)|Medium|
|	463	|	[Island Perimeter](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79342588)|Easy|
|	500	|	[Keyboard Row    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79341137)|Easy|
|	560	| Subarray Sum Equals K |Medium|
|	575	|	[Distribute Candies](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79342039)|Easy|
|	599	| Minimum Index Sum of Two Lists |Easy|
|	609	| Find Duplicate File in System |Medium|
|	645	| Set Mismatch |Easy|
|	720	| Longest Word in Dictionary |Easy|
|	739	|	[Daily Temperatures    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79350188)|Medium|
|	748	|	[Shortest Completing Word    ](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79350350)|Medium|
|	771	|	[Jewels and Stones](http://blog.csdn.net/Leafage_M/article/details/79340216)|Easy|
| 811 | Subdomain Visit Count |Easy|
| 884 | Uncommon Words from Two Sentences |Easy|
| 953 | Verifying an Alien Dictionary |Easy|
|	961	| N-Repeated Element in Size 2N Array |Easy|
|	1002	| Find Common Characters |Easy|
|	1078	| Occurrences After Bigram |Easy|
|	1160	| Find Words That Can Be Formed by Characters |Easy|
|	1189	| Maximum Number of Balloons |Easy|
|	1198	| Find Smallest Common Element in All Rows |Medium|
|	1207	| Unique Number of Occurrences |Easy|
#### Math。
| #      	  	| Title         |  Difficulty  |
|:-------------:|:-------------:| :-----:|
| 7 | Reverse Integer | Easy |
| 172 | Factorial Trailing Zeroes | Easy |
| 258 | Add Digits | Easy |
| 292 | Nim Game | Easy |
| 231 | Power of Two | Easy |
| 319 | Bulb Switcher | Medium |
| 326 | Power of Three | Easy |
| 728 | Self Dividing Numbers | Easy |
| 877 | Stone Game | Medium |
| 908 | Smallest Range I | Easy |
|	942	|	DI String Match	|Easy|
|	1025	|	Divisor Game	|Easy|
#### String.
| #      	  	| Title         |  Difficulty  |
|:-------------:|:-------------:| :-----:|
| 344 | Reverse String | Easy |
| 521 | Longest Uncommon Subsequence I | Easy |
| 557 | Reverse Words in a String III | Easy |
| 657 | Robot Return to Origin | Easy |
| 680 | Valid Palindrome II | Easy |
| 767 | Reorganize String | Medium |
| 788 | Rotated Digits | Easy |
| 804 | Unique Morse Code Words | Easy |
| 819 | Most Common Word | Easy |
| 824 | Goat Latin | Easy |
| 893 | Groups of Special-Equivalent Strings | Easy |
| 917 | Reverse Only Letters | Easy |
|	1108|	Defanging an IP Address|Easy|

#### Tow Pointers。

|  #   |                 Title                  | Difficulty |
| :--: | :------------------------------------: | :--------: |
|  26  |  Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array   |    Easy    |
|  27  |             Remove Element             |    Easy    |
|  80  | Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array II |   Medium   |
|  88  |           Merge Sorted Array           |    Easy    |
| 125  |            Valid Palindrome            |    Easy    |
| 283  |              Move Zeroes               |    Easy    |
| 345  |       Reverse Vowels of a String       |    Easy    |
| 844  |        Backspace String Compare        |    Easy    |
| 925  |           Long Pressed Name            |    Easy    |
| 1213 |  Intersection of Three Sorted Arrays   |    Easy    |

***
#### Tree。

|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 94 | Binary Tree Inorder Traversal | Medium |
| 102 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal | Medium |
| 104 | Maximum Depth of Binary Tree | Easy |
| 107 | Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II | Easy |
| 108 | Convert Sorted Array to Binary Search Tree | Easy |
| 109 | Convert Sorted List to Binary Search Tree | Medium |
| 111 | Minimum Depth of Binary Tree | Easy |
| 112  | Path Sum |    Easy    |
| 113 | Path Sum II | Medium |
| 144 | Binary Tree Preorder Traversal | Medium |
| 145 | Binary Tree Postorder Traversal | Hard |
| 235 | Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Search Tree | Easy |
| 429 | N-ary Tree Level Order Traversal | Easy |
| 437 | Path Sum III | Easy |
| 559 | Maximum Depth of N-ary Tree | Easy |
| 563 | Binary Tree Tilt | Easy |
| 589 | N-ary Tree Preorder Traversal | Easy |
| 590 | N-ary Tree Postorder Traversal | Easy |
| 637 | Average of Levels in Binary Tree | Easy |
| 669 | Trim a Binary Search Tree | Easy |
| 653 | Two Sum IV - Input is a BST | Easy |
| 700 | Search in a Binary Search Tree | Easy |
| 701 | Insert into a Binary Search Tree | Medium |
| 814 | Binary Tree Pruning | Medium |
| 897 | Increasing Order Search Tree | Easy |
| 938 | Range Sum of BST | Easy |
| 965 | Univalued Binary Tree | Easy |
| 1022 | Sum of Root To Leaf Binary Numbers | Easy |
| 1104 | Path In Zigzag Labelled Binary Tree | Medium |
| 1214 | Two Sum BSTs | Medium |
***
#### Bit Manipulation。

|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 190 | Reverse Bits | Easy |
| 191 | Number of 1 Bits | Easy |
| 260 | Single Number III | Medium |
| 338 | Counting Bits | Medium |
| 342  | Power of Four |    Easy    |
| 461 | Hamming Distance | Easy |
| 617 | Merge Two Binary Trees | Easy |
| 693 | Binary Number with Alternating Bits | Easy |
| 762 | Prime Number of Set Bits in Binary Representation | Easy |
***
#### Binary Search Tree。
|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 1038 | Binary Search Tree to Greater Sum Tree | Medium |
***
#### Breadth-first Search。
|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 1197 | Minimum Knight Moves | Medium |
| 1215 | Stepping Numbers | Medium |
***
#### Union Find。
|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 1202 | Smallest String With Swaps | Medium |
***
#### Sliding Window。
|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 1208 | Get Equal Substrings Within Budget | Medium |
***
#### Stack。
|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 20 | Valid Parentheses | Easy |
| 225 | Implement Stack using Queues | Easy |
| 232 | Implement Queue using Stacks | Easy |
| 394 | Decode String | Medium |
| 496 | Next Greater Element I | Easy |
| 503 | Next Greater Element II | Medium |
| 682 | Baseball Game | Easy |
| 946 | Validate Stack Sequences | Medium |
| 1003 | Check If Word Is Valid After Substitutions | Medium |
| 1019 | Next Greater Node In Linked List | Medium |
| 1047 | Remove All Adjacent Duplicates In String | Easy |
| 1190 | Reverse Substrings Between Each Pair of Parentheses | Medium |
| 1209 | Remove All Adjacent Duplicates in String II | Medium |
***
#### Greedy。
|  #   |          Title           | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------: | :--------: |
| 1196 |How Many Apples Can You Put into the Basket|Easy|
***
#### Other。

|  #   |             Title              | Difficulty |
| :--: | :----------------------------: | :--------: |
| 852  | Peak Index in a Mountain Array |    Easy    |
